[SYCL] Persistent program cache (#3391)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/EnvironmentVariables.md

| SYCL_DISABLE_PARALLEL_FOR_RANGE_ROUNDING | Any(\*) | Disables automatic rounding-up of parallel_for invocation ranges. |
| SYCL_ENABLE_PCI | Integer | When set to 1, enables obtaining the GPU PCI address when using the Level Zero backend. The default is 0. |
| SYCL_HOST_UNIFIED_MEMORY | Integer | Enforce host unified memory support or lack of it for the execution graph builder. If set to 0, it is enforced as not supported by all devices. If set to 1, it is enforced as supported by all devices. |

> | SYCL_CACHE_DIR | Path | Path to persistent cache root directory. Default values are `%AppData%\Intel\sycl_program_cache` for Windows and `$HOME/intel/sycl_program_cache` on Linux. |

Reviewer: Based on code below it looks like directory name is different than documented here (sycl_cache).
I don't think "Intel" directories are needed here.
On Linux I believe we want compliance to https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/XDG_Base_Directory. See also https://ccache.dev/manual/4.2.html#_configuration_options as example.
Some suggestion:
```suggestion
| SYCL_CACHE_DIR | Path | Path to persistent cache root directory. Default values are `%AppData%\libsycl_cache` for Windows and `$XDG_CACHE_HOME/libsycl_cache` on Linux, if XDG_CACHE_HOME is not set then `$HOME/.cache/libsycl_cache` |
```

| SYCL_CACHE_DISABLE_PERSISTENT | Any(\*) | Switches persistent cache switch off. Default value is ON. |
| SYCL_CACHE_EVICTION_DISABLE | Any(\*) | Switches cache eviction off. Default value is ON. |
| SYCL_CACHE_MAX_SIZE | Positive integer | Cache eviction is triggered once total size of cached images exceeds the value in megabytes (default - 8 192 for 8 GB). Set to 0 to disable size-based cache eviction. |
| SYCL_CACHE_THRESHOLD | Positive integer | Cache eviction threshold in days (default value is 7 for 1 week). Set to 0 for disabling time-based cache eviction. |
| SYCL_CACHE_MIN_DEVICE_IMAGE_SIZE | Positive integer | Minimum size of device code image in kilobytes which is reasonable to cache on disk because disk access operation may take more time than do JIT compilation for it. Default value is 0 to cache all images. |

> | SYCL_CACHE_MAX_DEVICE_IMAGE_SIZE | Positive integer | Maximum size of device image in megabytes which is cached. Too big kernels may overload disk too fast. Default value is 0 to cache all images. |

Reviewer 2: > So we may consider making these work for both

Image size looks like reasonable parameter for in-memory cache.
I think, in-memory cache eviction for shouldn't be based on time. It should rely on total size and/or number of cached binaries.

> | SYCL_CACHE_MAX_DEVICE_IMAGE_SIZE | Positive integer | Maximum size of device image in megabytes which is cached. Too big kernels may overload disk too fast. Default value is 0 to cache all images. |

Author: In any case we need to select which item to delete (the oldest one should be ok). Otherwise when cache is full  there can be a case when one item is constantly added/removed.

> | SYCL_CACHE_MAX_DEVICE_IMAGE_SIZE | Positive integer | Maximum size of device image in megabytes which is cached. Too big kernels may overload disk too fast. Default value is 0 to cache all images. |

Reviewer 3: > Image size looks like reasonable parameter for in-memory cache.

I think all except CACHE_DIR make sense for in-memory

> | SYCL_CACHE_MAX_DEVICE_IMAGE_SIZE | Positive integer | Maximum size of device image in megabytes which is cached. Too big kernels may overload disk too fast. Default value is 0 to cache all images. |

Author: added to TODO note

| SYCL_DISABLE_PARALLEL_FOR_RANGE_ROUNDING | Any(\*) | Disables automatic rounding-up of parallel_for invocation ranges. |
| SYCL_ENABLE_PCI | Integer | When set to 1, enables obtaining the GPU PCI address when using the Level Zero backend. The default is 0. |
| SYCL_HOST_UNIFIED_MEMORY | Integer | Enforce host unified memory support or lack of it for the execution graph builder. If set to 0, it is enforced as not supported by all devices. If set to 1, it is enforced as supported by all devices. |
| SYCL_CACHE_DIR | Path | Path to persistent cache root directory. Default values are `%AppData%\libsycl_cache` for Windows and `$XDG_CACHE_HOME/libsycl_cache` on Linux, if XDG_CACHE_HOME is not set then `$HOME/.cache/libsycl_cache`. |
| SYCL_CACHE_TRACE | Any(\*) | Enables printing messages to std::cerr when non-blocking failures happen (e.g. unable to access cache item file). Default values if off. |

> || SYCL_CACHE_DISABLE_PERSISTENT | Any(\*) | Switches persistent cache switch off. Default value is ON. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| SYCL_CACHE_DISABLE_PERSISTENT | Any(\*) | Switches persistent cache switch off. Default value is ON. |
```

> | SYCL_CACHE_EVICTION_DISABLE | Any(\*) | Switches cache eviction off. Default value is ON. |

Reviewer 2: NIT: Description of the variables with `Any(*)` as allowed value which switches some feature on or off should not state the default value of environment variable. It should state the default state of the feature.

Author: will address it in next patches, When environment variables formats are going to be improved.
